Update team.md (#22)
polyquantique/polyquantique.github.io: team.md

     style="float: left; margin-right: 10px;" /> **Salvador Poveda Hospital**.  
Ph.D. candidate, [Engineering Physics](https://www.polymtl.ca/phys/), [Polytechnique Montréal](https://www.polymtl.ca). \
Jointly supervised with [Yves-Alain Peter](https://www.polymtl.ca/phys/en/yves-alain-peter). \

> Graduated from Polytechnic University of Catalonia with an M.Sc.A in Electronics. \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Graduated from PUniversitat Politècnica de Catalunya with an M.Sc.A in Electronics. \
```
